# Chatbot
Cloud based Student Information Chatbot system.:     Functionality which the chatbot should have in this project :     Here are some Details:     A Student bot project is built using artificial algorithms that analyzes user’s queries and understand user’s message. This System is a  web application which provides answer to the query of the student. Students just have to query through the bot which is used for chatting. Students can chat using any format there is no specific format the user has to follow. The System uses built in artificial intelligence to answer the query. The answers are appropriate what the user queries. If the answer is found to invalid, user just need to select the invalid answer button which will notify the  admin about the incorrect answer.     Admin can view invalid answer through portal via login. System allows admin to delete the invalid answer or to add a specific answer of that equivalent question.     The User can query any college related activities through the system. The user does not have to personally go to the college for enquiry. The System analyzes the question and then answers to the user. The system answers to the query as if it is answered by the person.     With the help of artificial intelligence, the system answers the query asked by the students. The system replies using an effective Graphical user interface which implies that as if a real person is talking to the user. The user can query about the college related activities through online with the help of this web application.This system helps the student to be updated about the college activities.     For making it cloud based, deploy your web application integrated with AI in cloud platform. You can use any cloud platform AWS, GCP, Heroku etc.
